Grandpa pig is taking
Peppa and George on a boat trip.
Polly parrot is going, too.
Grandpa pig,
have you got your mobile phone?
Yes, granny pig.
Don’t drop it in the water.
No, granny pig.
Is it switched on？
Yes, granny pig.Bye!
Bye-bye!
Here is granddad dog.
Aha there.
Lovely day to go sailing.
I would go, too.
But my boat needs to clean.
I don’t know why you
bother cleaning that rusty boat.
I’m surprised it’s still afloat.
This rusty boat
will still be afloat long after
your old tin boat has
sunk to the bottom of the river.
Granddad dog is
grandpa pig’s very best friend.
Boat steam ahead! Goodbye!
I am the captain of this boat,
and when the captain tells you
to do something, you must do it.
Aye, aye Captain!
Aye, aye, Captain!
Polly parrot copies
everything that they said.
George, raise  the flag.
George, raise the flag.
Peppa, ring the bell.
Grandpa, can I be the captain, please?
OK. But as a captain,
you must wear this hat.
Now Peppa is the captain, and
everyone must do what she says.
Ring the bell. Turn that wheel.
Aye aye, Captain Peppa.
Jump up and down.
Captain Peppa is a bit bossy.
Perhaps I should be the captain again.
We don’t want a crash into anything.
Steering the boat can be tricky Luckily,
I’m good at steering.
Oh dear. Grandpa pig’s boat
has crashed into a little island.
Grandpa, we’re stuck.
I’ll ring granny pig. She can get help.
Wow, oh. Grandpa pig has
dropped his phone in the water.
Granny pig speaking. Hello? Hello. Hello.
Somehow, we need to
get a message to granny.
Message to granny.
Polly can fly to granny.
Good idea, Peppa! And I
can teach Polly what to say.
Grandpa pig says,
Help, help!
There you see easy peasy.
Grandpa pig says easy peasy.
You silly old bird.
Hello, Polly. What are you doing here?
Grandpa pig says,
What does grandpa pig say?
You silly old bird.
Oh!
Help, help!
Goodness me, grandpa must need help!
Granddad dog.
Hello, granny pig.
Grandpa pig needs help.
Please, could you rescue him?
Madam, I would be delighted.
Hurray！
Aha there.
Do you need rescuing, captain?
En, maybe.
Would you like my rusty
old boat to rescue you?
Yes, please, granddad dog.
Catch this, captain.
Aye aye, skippe.
Granddad dog is
grandpa pig’s very best friend.
Granny, did Polly
tell you we needed help?
Yes, Polly is a very clever parrot.
Say I’m a clever parrot, woof woof!
I’m a clever parrot, woof woof!